The main D&D core rules of this game is the 5th edition.
Turn on your "show dice rolls" in system, when you're adjacent to a hidden object, you can see your roll result and know where's it.
During the combat and you're gonna use an item, press 'A'(default) to invert the target; The skill marked 'friendly fire' does the same.
A weapon/armor with coloured text means it's enchanted, allow it to level up.
If a hidden-object on the map is free to explore and you failed the roll, you can reroll it at next minute.
Music Sheets allow you to listen the wonderful music collected in the game.
Some poisons cannot be cured by full-recover, it'll last til the victim dead or cured by the right remedy.
Collect the codex is always helpful - they'll assit you better understand the Equestria and more!
Every item, especially the healings, has a carry limit, wisely using them to prevent you from out-of-supplies.
Score Ability(Str, Dex, Con, Int, Wis, Cha) represents your pony's pros and cons; it will directly effect the life skill.
Every enemy has a sight of line, wisely use your party movement command to avoid them.
Forget the party command? 'F' is follow in a line, 'H' is hold in position, 'G' is gather.
Everypony has a special talent, they hardly has the same function.
Dual-weapon provides good damage ONLY to the pony who is proficient in it, never let a newbie use it.
Magic attacks, long-casting skills has +4 attack roll.
Ranged weapons apply the DEX modifier, Melee weapons apply the STR, and Magical attacks apply the INT one.
Vancial Spells are powerful but limited-use before sleep, use them wisely to make your adventure smoothly.
Petrification will only last for 24 hours.
"Apple Jelly, why it sounds so familiar dude?" -"Maybe because you have played The Tales Series :p"
Crossbow's damage based on the user's ATK more than AGI, Bow's damage based on AGI more than ATK.
Although Earth Pony can't fly nor casting spells, but they're much more flexible on customizing and has more durability.
A pony equipped a shield has a chance to block (physical) projectiles, such as rocks.
Running/Dashing will cost your pony's stamina, when it dropped to 0, you can't run until it's recovered.
Twilight Sparkle's teleport won't help you move to a tile that is unpassable.
Use Rainbow Dash's "fly" to investigate the map, although not every map is allowed to use.
Your pony pass out during the combat will awake after the combat, but he/she will gets a penalty.
"Friendship" skills are co-op related.
When you encounter the enemy party that owns items, you can steal the item before they use.
Some enemies are able to chain-skills, but usually their EP drains quickly and need to use the potion very often; try to steal!
Materials are always near your side, you can use them to crafting stuffs.
In crafting, Pinkie does baking, Twilight does potions, Rarity does materials and Applejack does equipments.
Log in a gamejolt account, therefore you can save your achievements online.
Puzzles are too hard? Why don't discuess with other pony on gamejolt or mlp fourm?
During the combat, the EP cost increases with each skill you chained in a single turn.
Initiative Roll determinds the battler's AT start value at the begining of the battle.
You can find various function in system setting menu.
In a map scene, press 'Q' to perform quick-save, the save location is independent from normal saves, you can only load from the quick-save location.
Your progress will be auto-saved when you're going to a story or boss-fight.
The JP is using for learn the talents in the talent tree, when you learned all talents in a treem, you'll get the corresponding achievement.
You can gain jp via complete quests, win a combat and others.
The main title in this load screen is the big location where you are.
*Self canon alert*: Since the changeling invasion, Celestia has strengthen the national defence of Equestria.
